[Music]
today I'm representing team pancakes I
always remembered the buckwheat pancakes
my grandma made growing up and it just
brought back a lot of memories so I
wanted to try and recreate those what
makes these pancakes really like big and
fluffy is there's more baking hotter
than normal recipes as far as like
getting more height to it - it's a
thicker batter so what I like to do is
we kind of plop it down and then kind of
swirl it on top so you have like this
big ball and it slowly sags down but the
outsides cook and then at that point it
just starts rising more
[Music]
you
so it's Cuba cottage cheese sriracha
sliced up ham
and now I'm gonna put some passion fruit
maple syrup stick
[Music]